Okay. I am can't hear out of this behind you huhuh
Huuuh Where were we?
Oh, okay.
Yeah, and then that's where I came home by
and started going to the university. I enjoyed every part of that university.
like studying um to go back to um
getting the credential. Yeah, and that's how I became a teacher.
And I think from there...
Um I didn't why and
Like fully understand?
but
I found joy in doing that.
work of the Lord and I felt like
I have I was sure that he was leading me.
In in into the path I need to be in. I felt like
Oh, this is where God wants me.
In And I understood that.
But I feel like there was there was the still that electric
Oh, Jesus. Yay. Moment was still... I thought I had it.
I thought I had it, but I realized that
haven't come yet.
Um, it was where I found joy in doing the
work of the Lord, Like so I started to get really involved with
Um the youth program, and the, you know. um
Doing they like
Ministry, the youth ministry I got so involved with.
And it was fun and I I enjoyed it.
So I felt like...
God was like, I felt God leading me.
Um Back that
Jesus moment.
I I thought I had it already, but I didn't realize until...
Like this is like
there's no like i i think
God knew that I hadn't reached that point of no return yet.
Yeah, and then but that point of no return like oh no, I'm I'm stuck
I am like glued to him was um
when I hit 30 and then um
i had all these plans at like in the 20s like oh have my bucket list of like
things to accomplish before 30 and I always love doing that checkbox and
doing all the stuff.
And then when I hit 30, I was so excited.
Because my 20s was rough, like, you know, not landing, ah you know
A job identifier, yes, and then um
You know working I worked so hard and I was so excited
And then now I have my credential I
have my baby years of teaching down, like two years of teaching and I was like,
I'm going somewhere and I was so excited to be 30.
I was like looking so forward to my 30s and then in the first
Six months, I lose my father, like, to cancer.
And I was so angry. Like, I was so angry.
But um this is where I realized, like I felt like...
At church a lot of people are like, oh, you know
You're so...um..
It's so nice that you are a Christian family.
Like, yeah, like, um...
It's so like you guys are so different from other people when they lose their family.
So I couldn't cry, like honestly.
Yes, because it almost felt like, oh, like you believe in the promise.
You're in a safe spot. But I like, for me, I'm like, no, it's still her.
It's like that, I I miss my dad. I didn't want him to die.
Even though I know that that promise was there, but I think so.
Coming to terms with his death was like really hard for me.
And then one day I'm just like...
And I was pretending. I feel like I was pretending to be this good Christian.
Oh I you know, I'm so happy my dad is in a better place now.
and I I'm holding on to this. let's I I think
My Christianity was like a facade, to be honest.
It was a big facade and I realized it was a facade.
in a way, and then
In 2007, I just got so tired.
of acting.
like a Christian, like nothing hurt that I was so...
excited about the promise that Jesus had for us.
Like I was tired of pretending.
And that's when um I just left.
and I went to Peru.
And I traveled around Peru and then...
On the way home, I stopped by Costa Rica.
ch And that's weird.
Jesus came to look for me. I know he came to look for me.
because I ended up in a private reserve in the middle of nowhere.
huhuh I just like
I don't know what what possessed me. I rented a car.
Ah we and a friend went with me. We rented a car.
And we had to drive through.
I don't know like
I have a GPS and we're going and midway through the GPS shuts off.
and it says, like, Unchartered Territory.
Right huhuh huh
So the GPS stopped working and we're in the middle of like the tropical...
Yeah, like in the jungle. Like, get out of the way. What the heck?
and my friends all passed out sleepy.
Because she's like, I'm so, I'm I'm car sick. So here I'm like, I felt so...